what Department clouded trying to get it
back to the blue line is somehow good
puck position McCoy with time it falls
and fun and McClellan octopi sideways
from pickup break point for a meet
I'm fine
to get the puck
you know when in between the pads and so
much he can do there he tried to squeeze
it
wait wing passport Giri down the wall
down by three the Grizzlies on the
powerplay Giri left corner cuts into
slot cherry still with Leo miser with
shots
well solely with a plasticizer from
Jerry and that's at 8:23 to quicken
Craig Goodman if the drawing board out
here he's got the triplets out there as
well as curly Forrester and Schmeiser
and the Bulldogs of course just with
four players on the Aces Gosselin in the
box with 118 to go and we've got about
208 to go in this game seven unless the
Grizzlies can make something magical six
on four if the niccola broadcast lap 146
ago leo
Sooey
I think they're all you
18:18 right
or
time taken has been empty minutes it are
six on five attack to tie the game up
here we go as a puck now collected by
Henry and it came to Schmeiser kept it
in but Henry will get it again Leo
stolen Leo info for miles so is it fun
till we couldn't get there in time six
on five attack Grizzlies trying to tie
this game up as now Chile on the
backhand
try their chutes
three
to zero
29 seconds ago in Game seven overtime
looming but the Grizzlies are gonna have
an officer's don't face-off I like this
line they got out there announce party
and the only truck was a wider Wynyard
the buzzer sounds we have game seven
overtime in the semi-final the
silly file on five neutral zone hockey
Massey McBride and pick up pick up on my
sharp angle to trying to get her on the
defense but on the near side now seeing
McBride bouncing puck pick up pick up
sharp angle drop out the club
the second goal of the game Scotty
a cinnamon the plays are the four kinds
of the Grizzlies he had two goals
tonight
I got a funny little statistic for
everybody Shawn required only score one
goal while season as a rate for a
statistic check ladies for five players
all season